hello it's mr. Gabe Joss here and
welcome back to another marvel Subaru
squad online hero review and today's
review is on stealthy Captain America
who costs 900 gold in the shop for
players without a 12-month membership
and eight under a tent for players with
let's check out his power emotes his
first party melts goes like this
Captain America plants the American flag
into the ground creating the Avengers
symbol his second power emotes a grenade
drops in front of Captain America and
out of it pops the American flag he
begins to saluted his third party modes
a punching bag appears in front of
Captain America and he punches it until
he punches it so hard it soars around in
the sky and his pose he salutes the
American flag with fireworks happening
behind him
anta's dance he does the two-step and
his laugh he laughs hysterically and
movement wise he jumps double times now
let's go to his basic attacks and power
attacks so here we are with stealthy
Captain America for his basic attacks
his shield crushes the enemy for tenth
damage then shield flashes the enemy
into the air for an eye damage kicks
them for 11 damage does a three hit
combo causing eye damage with each hit
and finishes off enemies with a shield
throw 13 1 T 1 damage for his first
power attack Captain America's shield
charges the enemy for 33 damage and then
shield slashes them for 33 more for his
second power attack
Captain America shows off his Super
Soldier Serum by gaining a damage and
armor boost for long period of time this
attack does no damage and applies boost
to allies for his third power attack
Captain America jumps and plants the
American flag into the ground stunning
enemies inside the Avengers symbol and
does 65 damage and last but not least
for his hero up Captain America calls in
for shield members who attacked nearby
enemies the snipers do 45 damage and the
Grenadiers z' do 31 damage the shield
members stick around for a long period
of time
now it's time for the pros and cons for
stealthy Captain America his pros
he has many knockdowns in his basic
attacks he has a damage and armor boost
for himself and his allies his hero up
is very unique his emotes are American
related and he salutes the red white and
blue many times his cons I have none at
all
that is stealthy Captain America I'm
mister games Rus stay tuned for more to
come
sit in the back